
# Evaluation

This folder contains the Java project used for evaluating the coverage achieved by the test input generation tools with respect to data structure validation methods. The evaluated test inputs were generated by an exhaustive approach, Korat, and our single mutation approach. Validation methods were taken from the Korat tool for data structures cyclic doubly-linked list, singly-linked list, and binary tree. Test inputs are encoded as graphs in JSON format. A Parser class constructs data structure instances from these graphs. The coverage achieved via test inputs are obtained via unit tests. Each unit test parses the specified JSON file, constructs data structure instances, and verifies that these instances fail the input validation. The folder [`src/test/resources/`](src/test/resources/) contains the test inputs for the aforementioned approaches and data structures.

## Usage

1. Build the docker image via `docker-compose build`.
2. Start the docker container via `docker-compose run java`. This directory is mapped to `/data`.
3. Download gradlew dependencies via `./gradlew`.
4. To ensure correct results, run `./gradlew clean` before any other gradle command.
5. Run `./gradlew build` to build the project, automatically run ALL provided unit tests, and generate coverage reports. The report overview HTML page can be found at `./build/reports/jacoco/test/html/index.html`.
6. Use `./gradlew test --tests *CoverageTest.exhaustive_bt_1` to run individual tests, i.e., method `exhaustive_bt_1` from class `CoverageTest`. Alternatively, comment all those tests that should not be executed.
7. For evaluation, execute each individual test and obtain the achieved coverage from the validation method of the respective data structure in the generated coverage report. Coverage information may automatically be extracted from the generated XML report using XPath queries.
